# Apigee Platform API Samples Setup

This directory provides scripts that configure your local environment and deploy
sample API proxies to your organization on the Apigee API Platform.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed and available on your PATH
(recognizable when you run, for example, <code>which curl</code>).

* cURL Python **Cygwin on Windows**: If you're running Cygwin on Windows, you'll
* also need the **doc2unix** utility. (The Cygwin installer lets you install the
* utility.) See the [Windows/Cygwin Troubleshooting]
* (#windowscygwin-troubleshooting) section for more information.


### Directions

1. If you do not have an account yet, [register one for
free](https://accounts.apigee.com/accounts/sign_up).

2. In the file `setenv.sh`, configure values for your organization, username,
environment.

3. Deploy the samples.

    * To deploy individual samples, run `deploy.sh` from the `./setup`
directory. Follow prompts. * To deploy all samples, run `deploy_all.sh` from the
`./setup` directory.  Follow prompts.

You can now go to the Apigee management UI and see the deployed proxies.

Alternatively, you can invoke the proxies from the command line. To do so, cd to
the `/sample-proxies` directory. Each sample API proxy directory contains an
invoke.sh file. Run invoke.sh to submit a request to that sample API proxy.

### Windows/Cygwin Troubleshooting

In Cygwin on Windows, if you get an error saying <code>'\r': command not
found</code>, you'll need to run the **dos2unix** utility to convert line breaks
in the shell (.sh) files. You may need to install the utility if the <code>which
dos2unix</code> command can't find it. The Cygwin installer should let you
install it.

To run dos2unix recursively on the samples:

1. cd to the `/api-platform-samples` directory (the samples root directory).

2. Run the following command:

    <code>find . -name *.sh |xargs dos2unix</code>

3. If the command runs successfully, you can re-run the deploy script from the
previous section.

### Ask the community

[![alt text](./apigee-community.png "Apigee Community is a great place
[![to ask questions and find answers about developing API proxies.
[![")](https://community.apigee.com?via=github)

---

Copyright Â© 2015 Apigee Corporation

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.